This app displays data about foodbank usage and other indicators of
deprivation in an interactive bubble plot. The bubble plots can be viewd
in the *Main* tab.

Each bubble represents a local authority. The size of each bubble
represents the number of food parcels given out in that local authority
over the given time period (a quarter: 3 months).

The drop down menus at the side allow you to choose two indicators to
plot on the graph - one on the horizontal (x) axis, one on the vertical
(y) axis. If you tick the logarithmic checkbox, the axis will be a
logarithmic scale rather than linear.

Most underying data has a time dependency to it - the bar and arrow
buttons allow you to choose the time frame you want to plot. Not all
data is available at the same frequency, or published at the same time,
therefore the data is plotted from the nearest date available. The text
on the top left of the graph shows you the true date the data is from.

The download button allows you to download a spreadsheet of the
underlying data in excel (xlsx) format. This has all the measures in,
and covers all time periods (with a time step of 3 months).

The plot is interactive - hover over a bubble to see which local
authority it is for, and the data that is plotted. To download a static
image, move cursor to the top right of the plot and choose the ‘download
as png’ option (camera icon).

To highlight a few local authorities with black circles so that they are
easier to spot on the graph, go to the *LAD selection* tab. Scroll down
until you find the local authorities you wish to highlight, and click to
check the box. Return to the *Main* tab to view.

Not all indicators are available for all countries, and if there is no
foodbank in a local authority it will not appear on the graph (and will
appear as N/A in the downloaded data set).
